Hello and welcome to this tutorial.
And this one we're going to learn how to import the data set.
OK so here I am on R and ask for python.
We need to set the working directory so to do this we have to go to files here.
Here I am on my desktop.
So let's go to our folder data processing part 1.
Here it is Section 2.
And this is the right folder that contains the data set data.
That's easy.
So this is the folder that you want to choose to set as working directory.
And now to set this working directory on our you to do one more thing you need to click on this more
button here and click on set as working directory.
And here it is.
Now we know that this is the right working directory and we are ready to start importing the dataset
OK.
So to do this in are what we need to do is very simple.
We will just need one line of code.
So as in Python we're gonna call it data set.
That's the variable that will be the data set itself.
And now to import a data set is very easy.
You need to type read that C as V and then in parenthesis you just type the name of your data set in
quotes.
So here you have to type data that C as V.
And that's it.
That's all you need to do.
So now we're going to select this line of code and execute.
Okay.
So let's have a look at our data set to do this you just need to click here on the data set and it just
displays here.
OK.
So we have our four columns.
Country eight salary per chased and our 10 observations.
And what's interesting to see here is that unlike Python indexes don't start at zero but at 1.
So that's why the first observations started one here and adds a 10.
So that's the second distinction you have to understand between python and R.
Of course you I have to program on both.
You can choose the one you prefer but if you want to program on both.
As I usually do it's good to have this distinction in mind.
OK.
So we have our data set.
It's all fine.
And as I just said here we don't have to make the distinction between a matrix of features and a dependent
variable vector.
And this will make perfect sense for you as we go along with this part 1 data processing.
You'll perfectly understand why next materials.
OK.
So that's it for the importing the data said step of the data processing phase.
So that's it for this tutorial.
I look forward to seeing you in the next one which will be to learn how to take care of missing data
because sometimes your dataset will contain missing data and you have to take care of this.
And that's what we're going to learn in the next tutorial.
So I look forward to seeing you there.
And until then enjoy machine learning.